### 通知,宣告,声称,断言
    state 
        He stated that "all hell will break loose,politically and morally,all over the world".   地狱之门即将打开
        to seek permission from state regulators
        a state of mind 
        statement 评论,宣称,声明
        Happiness is a state of mind,and depends very little on outward circumstances.
        understate 淡化
        overstate 夸张 = exaggerate
        Despite the breathtakingly sad opening chapters,Tyler's delicate perceptiveness gives the novel an understated warmth.
    declare
          + 申报
          "Play is not frivolous."the academy's report declares.
          role model 榜样
          work hard,play harder.
          fry----frivolity 轻浮
          to declare sex discrimination in jury selection to be unconstitutional
    claim
        + 索取
        despite some claims to the contrary
            by contrast ,in contrast to
        They claim that the theory of video game violence is built on rotten foundations.
            erode , corrode
        claimant 宣称者
        Love does not claim possession,but gives freedom.   ---------Tagore
    proclaim
        Correlations which confidently proclaimed that gaming led to violent behavior were shown to likely be the spurious by-product of factors such as family violence.
            spurious 假的,欺骗的
    pronounce
        pronunciation   少一个O
        enounce , enunciate , articulate
            artisan 工匠 (偏艺术)
            craftsman  工匠(制造)
    announce
        Last month,Facebook announced partnerships with outside groups to help fact-check stories on its site and to more clearly denote which ones may be false.
            denote
            copycat 山寨的 cellphone
    assert
        + 断言
        the administration was in essence asserting that...
            in essence 本质上,实质上
        assertive;assertion
    affirm 
        to affirm the importance of the humanities and social sciences
        affirmative;affirmation
    allege 
        allegation
        alleged  涉嫌的
        allegiance 忠诚 = loyality = fidelity (高保真)
        so-called 所谓的
        supposed , be supposed to 应该
### 情况
    condition 
        + 使习惯于,使适应
        + 养护头发
        geographic conditions peculiar to America
            peculiar 特有的
        weather conditions
        conditional
        hair conditioner 护发素
            lotion 护理液
            bath wash 沐浴液
            shampoo 洗发水
        air conditioning 
    situation
        create a situation
        assess/review a situation
        deal/cope with a situation

